my bodybuilding transformation from
skinny to muscular starting off only
weighed about 174 pounds and I was 6
feet 1 inch tall as you can see I was
fairly skinny after working out hard for
3 months I saw a lot of beginner gains
my weight went up to 185 pounds after 5
months I got a lot bigger and my weight
went up to 188 pounds however around
this time I had a surgery on my chest
and I was very devastated because it
took a lot out of me but I needed the
surgery because my skin was affected and
had potential of developing cancer so I
needed to get that part of skin removed
as you can see I could not live for 3
months as a result I had to get staples
in my chest which were later removed but
the worst part about it was the fact
that I could not lift my weight dropped
drastically to 178 pounds first month
back thanks to muscle memory my weight
went all the way back up to 185 pounds
and I was very pleased with these
results because I was hungry to get big
two months back after the surgery I
weighed in at 190 pounds and I was very
satisfied because I was getting bigger
and at the same time I was maintaining
my six-pack for months back after the
surgery as you can see I got a little
bit bulkier and I weighed in at 194
pounds and bulking was very important
for me because I built up and then I cut
back a little bit so I look a lot more
muscular 15 months of working out I came
out at 200 pounds and I did this all
naturally with hard work and dedication
and at this point I was more than
satisfied with the results that I got on
the left side of the screen you see my
before picture in which I weighed in at
174 pounds on the right side of the
screen you see my after picture in which
I weighed in at 200 pounds as you can
see I gained a lot of muscle in my upper
body and my lower body as well and I did
all this naturally without any illegal
substances I honestly believe that with
hard work dedication and motivation
anything is possible
you